Okay, let's go.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is S.C. Fauver.
You are a junior United States senator in Washington, bringing you another report to listeners
over this patient.
And they state a kind of state.
A telling needs my administrative assistant who usually interviews me on these programs
just spending time in Tennessee during this week.
And they're happy to have in this video with me Mr. Solomon, Robert.
One of the most outstanding and capable gentlemen of the state here in Washington.
Robert has got a number of years.
There's been a star reporter of the Washington Post, which is the first one of the nation's great news pages.
Mr. Robert, though, has been reporting part of Washington's most most of his development
is the National Reliance investigation of organized time at the operation in the state
commerce.
Very glad to have you in the studio with me, Salmonds.
I would be delighted to hear you and it's unrefused interview.
But ask me about some of the matters that have been going on in Washington during the past week.
Thank you very much, Senator.
I think that one thing that people back home with the interest of in as a extension of the draft
is that it has about 1,000 Congress.
That's not easy about that.
But, Robert, of course, I have the pleasure of serving on the Armed Services Committee of the Senate,
which I've considered specifically for the Extension to draft.
After listening to all of these testimony, that was presented to our committee,
I didn't see how we could arrive at any other conclusion, but at the draft that they suspended.
In the first place, in order to keep up our leadership and international stars,
and not let the democracy to rest in your doubt,
though the world has been means that they've prepared for any emergency,
I felt that we had to extend the draft.
And then the other thing is that with the draft extended, the services things that they will be able
to get enough volunteers to take care of their needs,
that is, that things get worse in the immediate future.
So, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate unanimously recommended the extension of the draft.
There was a might of controversy over one amendment that was proposed by Senator Russell of Georgia,
and that about half the patient of anyone who was inducted to serve in a unit,
that was proposed by our people of his own color.
That's the, doesn't apply to the technical services,
but in the mass units, that's the way the Army and services have been operating in the past,
and they've been able to operate that way, that is successful.
I'm feeling about the less some amendments like that,
was adopted, it might be a great deal of confusion.
The first state is the House of Representatives passed the two-year extension,
it's been a past three-year extension.
The chief controversy now, since the bill is in conference,
is who is going to be able to follow the operation of the draft into operation,
that is, whether it must be done by the resolution of Congress or whether the person can do so.
The problem there is what's happening in some America,
it came up on Congress when the session was announced.
That's the main problem.
I think the people perhaps would be better satisfied if Congress followed the operation of the draft into operation.
My personal feeling is that if Congress is in session, that it should be done by action as Congress.
If Congress is not in session, if some emergency comes up,
I think that it should be able to set the draft in operation by the President
perhaps with the concerns of the vice president and the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
And there are other people like the President's past,
the fly-as-preach extension of rent control.
Well, rent control only applies, I think,
to two cities in Tennessee, so it's not a particularly vital issue in the home state.
The act that was passed in the sense of the White House,
and I think approved by the President,
provides for an extension of rent control for six months or until January 1, 1952.
And then after that time, there will be no federal rent control,
unless it is terminally voted on by the governing bodies of the cities or municipalities that are expected.
In other words, they would have to definitely ask for it for a period of time to slide them over until the supply of houses touches up with the demand.
Personally, it would like very much to see us be able to terminate with rent control,
but unfortunately we have had a rather emergency measure here,
and I think the formula that's been arrived at by Congress is a fair and a very good one.
It started passing the response, though, in fact, in the state.
That's right, and it fixes those things,
the local rent control in relation to the media.
And since it roughly provides for the situation jobs,
it has provision for use to other places in the quarries,
whenever it becomes necessary.
So it has provision for the senior military age to reach and to Turkey.
My feeling is that it is a necessary part of the working arrangements that we have with other democratic people
to give them some assistance in this life.
The states upon the premise that they're going to do is essential amounts of substance cells,
and they must enter into a context for that purpose.
Also, I think it will be a very cold season of cold season use
and holding the democracies of Western Europe together.
Frankly though, I'm at the Roberts, I've always felt that
the matter of foreign policy and military aid and economics and
extending together and the interest of peace ought to be handled on a overall basis
rather than our peace-meal basis.
And that of course, it should be settled by law and some kind of
federation rather than abandoning land or contractual basis.
But we seem to be going at these things in connection with our foreign policy on a peace-meal basis.
And so I was part of the military aid focus,
but I think our administration is getting and rightfully more to a general overall plan
rather than just dealing with one thing at a time.
One of the big, specific developments in your part of the country,
and the military field is the Arnold Air Engineering Development Matter,
what's the latest word on that?
Well, I think it's a glad you asked that question,
and I'm glad to see that people in other parts of the country
know something about this great development that is a such great importance to the nation and the Tennessee.
We have been very proud in the volunteer state that I've heard you out.
Our location and our great amount of electric power,
which is being developed by the Tennessee Valley Authority,
that we have been able to play a very important part in these developments for the defense of the nation and of the three people of the world.
The Arnold Engineering Development Center, as you know,
is located near fellow home at Old Cap Farts,
and it is to be a place for the testing of engines and airplanes and guided missiles
that all kinds of conditions and seeds.
So as to keep our head of anybody else from a scientific and a technical viewpoint,
I think it will be a great saving in order to test these things
and experimentally, rather than having to actually build a jet or the plane and then people.
Just a few days ago, I found that Colonel Dunn, who is in charge of the project at fellow home within town,
that all general know who is immediately in charge of the Arnold Engineering Development Center
and made an engagement with him and was Colonel Dunn to go over their plans.
It was them and they are in a service they were making of what the work schedule,
the program is scheduled and the air core and the services generally are continuing
through the algorithms and realizing more and more of the domestic and the specialty for this great project.
If a certain amount of construction, preliminary work is already started
and just as rapidly as possible, other things will be done.
That's what it sounds like, progress.
Any words from President Summan on that CVA study on the Kamal and Bale?
I know you've been interested in that for a long time.
Yes, Kammer.
We, of course, many of us are very much interested in the fully possible development of the Kamal and Rivers
in the Statiya, in the state of Tennessee.
In order to ensure its full its development and its integration into the work of the Kamati Valley of Party,
I have built pending to have the development of the Kamal and Bale carried on by the Kamati Valley of Party.
Then they become part of the CVA.
Yes, it went under the bills that we have pending.
This is not the regulatory of the four of engineers or any other organizations that have been doing such fine work in the Kamal and Bale.
But the Rivers started just about 12 miles apart.
The follow-up thing general of course, and they empty into the old house, I think, just about three miles apart.
And of course, all of this, the Kamal and Bale territory is actually served by the CVA in the farest powers and things anyway.
They are being, that the four of engineers tell the power to the department of the interior and the intern tell it to the Kamati Valley of Party.
And the main thing I think is that in order to meet our impeaching industrial needs and the needs of electricity for the Parnal Air Engineering Development Center,
we must get as much electricity out of the Kamal and its possible.
Some time back, all of it in the Kutty and Tennessee delegation asked its persons to have the CVA make a study of what land they would have for the development of the Kumble and Rivers.
And a few days ago I received a letter from President Sillman and what he sent to me and to the other members of the Kutty and Tennessee delegation, the interim report of the CVA.
The President said it seems to me that a re-valuations of plans and methods of development of the resources of the Kumble and Rivers National, but I'm sure you will agree that the Commission of the National Council report and recommendations to the Congress that a waste and treatment of the Tennessee Valley of Party studies.
This is encouraging to those of us who are in the CVA, to show that the President feels that a re-evaluation of the whole matter is necessary.
And so I think we are making fabric and getting a factual basis for early consideration of the legislation and the next term.
And there are a kind of politics that manages the DNA. The government, which were up there, the Democratic luncheon was a president at the time of the conference.
And I think that there are a number of, there is a great deal of concern in Washington, the Democratic governors, that is all of them except Governor Smith, that's in Atlanta.
And the Washington have lunch with President Sillman. And they were visiting those senators.
I hope the pleasure of a visit with the English Governor, the Tennessee Governor's founding, I hope so, and a visit with Governor Luffy, who I could give our visible comments.
So, it was a great honor to have the Democratic governors come to see us in Washington.
How's that time investigation going? You haven't been giving us much news.
You are there all the time and you reported for the Washington Post. I think we are getting started there well, of course the difficulty is, is there a...
And then this big nation and we are having an awful lot of requests from all over the nation for investigation, here in the orange, in situations of different problems.
So, with a very small staff and five visit senators on the committee, we are just going to do this.
Very much we can do, develop whatever's best, there may be.
So, everybody thank you very much for appearing on this program with me today. Our time is up until the same time, next week, that's all from Washington.